$Id$

----------
2002-??-??
----------

Rocco tidied up some of the host names in pastebot.conf.

Rocco moved a lot of the static web content out of Server/Web.pm and
into templates.  They are done as an odd homebrew templating thing.
He would have used Text::Template, but it was an extra dependency, and
the template code in Util/Web.pm was already written.

Rocco removed some old comments from pastebot.perl.

Rocco added Perl::Tidy as a dependency.  It's now possibly to tidy up
ugly code.  Perl::Tidy also does syntax highlighting.

Rocco replaced the line numbers toggle (just a link, really) with a
little control panel.  It's now possible to mix and match viewing
options, and more may easily be added later.

Android18 supplied a nicer style sheet for syntax highlighting.

Rocco removed some things from CHANGES that were done already.

Kane discovered that MSIE treats <br> within <pre></pre> as a tag
rather than a newline.  The result was that code copied from nopaste
and pasted into an editor would appear as one jumbled line.  Rocco
removed the code to make <br> tags out of newlines, and he also
removed the &nbsp; code.  That wasn't needed in <pre></pre> either.

----------
2002-05-07
----------

Schuyler patched a "nick" field into the paste form and IRC
announcement.

Rocco added a "summary" field for the paste form and IRC announcement.

TonyC added multiple features:

  An "ignore" command on the bot side to prevent it from announcing
  paste from certain addresses to certain channels.  Also a command to
  list ignored addresses.

  A "delete" command so ops can delete sensitive or offensive
  information.

  The "(none)" channel, so that pasted things aren't announced
  anywhere.

Rocco revised nopaste.text and made it into a proper TODO for the
pending SourceForge import.

Rocco created a skeleton README file.

Rocco documented the options in pastebot.conf.

----------
2002-04-15
----------

Rocco applied Tony Cook's patch to validate the channel field in the
paste input form.

----------
2002-03-25
----------

Rocco applied Tony Cook's patch to prevent the bot's keep-alive timer
from triggering servers' "ping flood" detection.

Rocco applied Tony Cook's patch to allow the bot to connect via a
particular local address.  This adds the localaddr configuration
option in "irc" sections.

Rocco patched Server/Web to generate a channel listing from the
channels provided in "irc" sections.  However, he did not address the
bot's lack of proper multi-network support.

Rocco applied Tony Cook's patch to support older versions of Perl.
Use the -w flag instead of the warnings pragma.

Rocco applied Tony Cook's patch to display paste without line numbers,
making it suitable for adding to editor buffers and stuff.

------
Begin.
------
